Facebook @ Intern 1st Interview [Pass]

4.6K VIEWS
Overview
Duration: About 45 minutes
Questions: 3 if counting with the ones that I already knew
Questions
1. Serialize and Deserialize a Binary Tree
I already knew this question, so I told him and he asked me to explain my solution, so I did and he accepted and moved to the next one.
2. Lowest Common Ansestor
I also did this question before, so I did like the previously one
3. Smallest Subtree With Deepest Nodes
This one I didn't solve before, so I started with an idea, but I didn't understand the whole output, so I was a little bit confused until ~40 mins of my interview but, at the end, I asked about the inputs and he corrected me, so I was able to solve it quickly and explain the space and time complexities.
Conclusion
I was able to move to the second interview even thinking that I went realy bad on this one. So don't be afraid about getting the best solution quickly. Discuss your solution with him and he'll help you to get there :)

Amazon @ SDE3 client-side engineering, Seattle [Reject]
28
Anonymous User
Anonymous User
Last Edit: 20 hours ago
4.2K VIEWS
I'm a veteran developer in the problem domain

Phone screen:
Talk about a recent technical challenge (in the last five years)
Find closest common node in a non-binary tree

Onsite: (5 interviews, 1 hour each)
Tech questions
Find an empty cubby in a locker that will fit a package
Interleave a linked list first element, last element, second element, n-1 element, etc in place (without using another data structure)
Architect an app (within the same problem domain as the job)
Report the kth most popular string in an incoming stream of strings; the best answer would have gone all the way to asynchronously updating the priority queue after new strings came in.

'Leadership principles' questions:
Talk about a time you were criticized and how you handled it
Talk about a time you went above-and-beyond a problem spec
Talk about a time you had to go down several layers/apis to solve a technical problem
Talk about how you've gone about hiring people. Have you ever hired someone smarter than you?
Talk about how you've mentored.
Talk about a time you disagreed with a plan of action; this came up a couple of times in different ways, I forget the exact questions.
Talk about a time you simplified something complicated.

I felt like I'd never done so well at an onsite, though I did get blocked on the priority queue question and needed a hint to get the space complexity down from n to k.

题目
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/337344/google-onsite-network-flow-for-the-matrix-with-given-row-and-column-sums
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/337515/google-onsite-chunked-palindrome/307919
